Enlaces artículos


CLUSTERING
Habla de los algoritmos y los compara en velocidad.
https://ieeexplore.ieee.org/document/6758030

Aplicación de Clustering para ayudar a la policia con los crímenes de Nueva York
https://ieeexplore.ieee.org/document/8001983

Aplicación de Clustering para la interpretación de datos geofísicos
https://ieeexplore.ieee.org/document/5602787

Aplicación de Clustering para ayudar a organizar una biblioteca 
https://ieeexplore.ieee.org/document/4810639

Aplicación de Clustering para prevención y controls de enfermedades porcinas
https://search.ebscohost.com/login.aspx?direct=true&db=aph&AN=143827917&lang=es&site=ehost-live&scope=site

Aplicación Clustering para determinar comunidades en redes sociales
https://ieeexplore.ieee.org/document/5563072


DATA SCIENCE
Which methos to use? An assessment of data mining methods in Enironmental Data Science
https://search.ebscohost.com/login.aspx?direct=true&db=aph&AN=133168570&lang=es&site=ehost-live&scope=site

Social determinants of health, data science, and decision-making: Forging a transdisciplinary synthesis
https://search.ebscohost.com/login.aspx?direct=true&db=aph&AN=143718475&lang=es&site=ehost-live&scope=site

Data science vs. operations research: A comparison
https://search.ebscohost.com/login.aspx?direct=true&db=aph&AN=139715696&lang=es&site=ehost-live&scope=site

Data science, big data and granular mining.
https://search.ebscohost.com/login.aspx?direct=true&db=aph&AN=110631826&lang=es&site=ehost-live&scope=site


DATA MINING
Data Mining: From Serendipity to Science
https://search.ebscohost.com/login.aspx?direct=true&db=aph&AN=2247729&lang=es&site=ehost-live&scope=site

Special Issue on Data-Mining and Statistical Science
https://search.ebscohost.com/login.aspx?direct=true&db=aph&AN=47116637&lang=es&site=ehost-live&scope=site4

Data mining in the Life Sciences with Random Forest: a walk in the park or lost in the jungle?
https://search.ebscohost.com/login.aspx?direct=true&db=aph&AN=87826382&lang=es&site=ehost-live&scope=site



STADISTICA
History of Statistics in Public Health at CDC, 1960-2010: the Rise of Statistical Evidence. 
https://search.ebscohost.com/login.aspx?direct=true&db=aph&AN=102910904&lang=es&site=ehost-live&scope=site

A brief history of statistics in three and one-half chapters.
https://search.ebscohost.com/login.aspx?direct=true&db=aph&AN=9709120309&lang=es&site=ehost-live&scope=site

Medical statistics and epidemiology - the early history. 
https://search.ebscohost.com/login.aspx?direct=true&db=aph&AN=109329071&lang=es&site=ehost-live&scope=site

Professional independence and accountability of statistical agencies are crucial: A brief history of the Greek official statistics. 
https://search.ebscohost.com/login.aspx?direct=true&db=aph&AN=111352771&lang=es&site=ehost-live&scope=site

SIGNIFYING NOTHING: TRADITIONAL HISTORY, LOCAL HISTORY, STATISTICS AND COMPUTING.
https://search.ebscohost.com/login.aspx?direct=true&db=aph&AN=5568676&lang=es&site=ehost-live&scope=site

Statistics and nation-building in European history. 
https://search.ebscohost.com/login.aspx?direct=true&db=aph&AN=9710051198&lang=es&site=ehost-live&scope=site

The history of statistics
https://search.ebscohost.com/login.aspx?direct=true&db=aph&AN=119025589&lang=es&site=ehost-live&scope=site

HE EMERGENCE OF STATISTICAL SCIENCE. 
https://search.ebscohost.com/login.aspx?direct=true&db=aph&AN=103579005&lang=es&site=ehost-live&scope=site

